OpenMP - Updates (#1479)
ROCm/MIVisionX: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

* Setup: OpenCV package install for Ubuntu
* AMD Clang is now the default CXX and C compiler

> * Use ROCm provided OpenMP instead of the `libomp-dev/devel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The version of OpenMP included in the ROCm LLVM project is now used instead of `libomp-dev/devel`
```
